WIP: New vector interpolations and mappings (#798)
Ferrite-FEM/Ferrite.jl: docs/src/devdocs/mapping.md

The geometric mapping of a finite element from the reference coordinates to the real coordinates is shown in the following illustration. 

![mapping_figure](../assets/fe_mapping.svg)

This mapping is given by the geometric shape functions, $\hat{N}_i^g(\boldsymbol{\xi})$, such that 
```math
\begin{align*}
    \boldsymbol{x}(\boldsymbol{\xi}) =& \sum_{i}^N \hat{\boldsymbol{x}}_i \hat{N}_i^g(\boldsymbol{\xi}) \\
    \boldsymbol{J} :=& \frac{\mathrm{d}\boldsymbol{x}}{\mathrm{d}\boldsymbol{\xi}} = \sum_{i}^N \hat{\boldsymbol{x}}_i \otimes \frac{\mathrm{d} \hat{N}_i^g}{\mathrm{d}\boldsymbol{\xi}}\\
    \boldsymbol{\mathcal{H}} :=&
    \frac{\mathrm{d} \boldsymbol{J}}{\mathrm{d} \boldsymbol{\xi}} = \sum_{\alpha=1}^N \hat{\boldsymbol{x}}_\alpha \otimes \frac{\mathrm{d}^2 \hat{N}^g_\alpha}{\mathrm{d} \boldsymbol{\xi}^2}
\end{align*}
```
where the defined $\boldsymbol{J}$ is the jacobian of the mapping, and in some cases we will also need the corresponding hessian, $\boldsymbol{\mathcal{H}}$ (3rd order tensor).

> We require that the mapping from reference coordinates to real coordinates is bijective, meaning that we can express $\boldsymbol{x} = \boldsymbol{x}(\boldsymbol{\xi}(\boldsymbol{x}))$, such that

Author: ```suggestion
We require that the mapping from reference coordinates to real coordinates is [diffeomorphic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffeomorphism), meaning that we can express $\boldsymbol{x} = \boldsymbol{x}(\boldsymbol{\xi}(\boldsymbol{x}))$, such that
```
Thanks @termi-official
